in the starting gate in the Kentucky
Derby and sung in a prayer comes out and
strive but his inside toast ball co-star
is there not far behind millennium
Linden here comes Keats from the far
outside by us for the first time and it
is sung in a prayer to lead the way off
the star right there with him he's on
the outside is running along and third
well let me win them behind them fourth
under his foot at point given his on the
outside heading for that racing in sixth
position now and let's Huck as many
versus extra syrup is opposed to the pay
pace he's only about six links from the
lead that it's a breakdown five links
now invisible ink is ninth on the
outside stark tech is coming intense ap
Valentine is 11 Thunder blitz lumbering
along in 12th place then it's a break
one other three back to Monaco's dollar
bill calling on the inside by Arctic
ploy a break of six to stretch running
long shots 50 stars in Jamaican ROM
there twenty Lakes from the lead the
open e half mile was the fastest in
Derby history 44 and 4/5 seconds so you
know prayers pace is blistering down the
backstretch with porn after launch
remaining its song in a priority lead
fight tonight's over Balto star
millennium wind is down third tour the
inside Hungary and good striking
position on the outside and the pent-up
power of point given five lakes from the
ladies beginning to advance expressed to
his right with him as the field on foot
by turn then invisible ink thunder bliss
within striking range Jorge Chavez gets
narcos and their surging a thing will
credit up to spec and Congaree is come
away with the lead here comes his take
away quick give it on the outside
is there one given up today
sweets
- he's poor
one that Kentucky Derby
and the final time was one
for two seconds he was as fast as
secretary